Update limits-specifications-teams.md (#8885)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/limits-specifications-teams.md

|Size of each file attachment | Less than 10 MB |
|Number of inline images<sup>2</sup> |50   |

> [!NOTE]

>   > There is a throttling limit of how many emails you can send to a channel which  is 6 emails per 10 seconds per channel per user and 8 emails per 10 seconds per tenant per user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is a throttling limit on how many emails you can send to a channel. The limit is six emails per ten seconds per channel per user and eight emails per ten seconds per tenant per user.
```
